Add django authentication backend and resolve http 500 error logging in when multiple authentication backends are enabled. (#8)
Stormbase/django-otp-webauthn: README.md

   ```

> 5. Add `django_otp_webauthn.backends.WebAuthnBackend` to your `AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS` in your Django settings. This is only required if you are using passkeys for
> passwordless authentication. If another authentication method is required first then this is not necessary.
> 
>     ```python
>     AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = [
>         ...
>         "django_otp_webauthn.backends.WebAuthnBackend",
>         ...
>     ]
>     ```

Reviewer: **Nitpick:** slight rewording which I believe to be clearer

```suggestion
5. Add `django_otp_webauthn.backends.WebAuthnBackend` to `AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS` in your Django settings. This step is required to make 'passwordless authentication' work.

If you are exclusively using Passkeys as a secondary verification step, you don't have to add this backend.

    ```python
    AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = [
        ...
        "django_otp_webauthn.backends.WebAuthnBackend",
        ...
    ]
    ```
```
